EZP-31617 - Enabling Personalization (#1270)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/personalization/enabling_personalization.md

> # Enabling Personalization

Reviewer: Q: should we capitalize Personalization throughout?

The Ibexa Personalization solution is based on a client-server architecture.

> To make it operational, you must obtain and set up certain authentication parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable it, you must get and set up authentication parameters.
```

## Requesting access to the server

> At first you must request credentials required to access the recommendation server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First you must request credentials to access the recommendation server.
```

To do this, in the Back Office, select **Personalization** and then **Dashboard**.
On the welcome screen, enter the following details in their respective fields:

> * a full name of the person responsible for accepting the terms and conditions of the Personalization service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- full name of the person responsible for accepting the terms and conditions of the Personalization service
```

> * an e-mail address to which you want the credentials to be sent to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- email address to which you want the credentials to be sent
```

> * an Installation key that can be found on the **Maintenance and Support agreement details** page in the service portal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- installation key that can be found on the **Maintenance and Support agreement details** page in the service portal
```

Author: A capitalized version of "Installation key" happened elsewhere in the docs, hence here.
https://www.google.com/search?q=site:https://doc.ibexa.co+%22installation+key%22

Reviewer: Hm, ideally both should be lowercase, but let's keep it as is for now for consistency.

> Select a checkbox to confirm that you've read the terms and conditions, and then click **Submit**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accept the terms and conditions, and then click **Submit**.
```

> Your request is sent to Ibexa, and you will receive a confirmation e-mail in response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your request is sent to Ibexa, and you will receive a confirmation email in response.
```

> ## Configuring mandator credentials

Reviewer: Idea for future - is the term "mandator" used in the UI? It's counter-intuitive, so maybe we could replace it with a different term in customer-facing texts?

Author: I'd personally go with "user". However, I've checked that there are occurrences in the doc, and Damian seems to like using it.

Reviewer 2: it is not about liking but rather consistency

> When you've received the confirmation e-mail, you must add the credentials to your configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you receive the confirmation email, you must add the credentials to your configuration.
```

In the root folder of your project, edit either the `.env` or `.env.local` file by adding two lines that 
may look similar to the following example. 

```
RECOMMENDATION_CUSTOMER_ID=12345
RECOMMENDATION_LICENSE_KEY=67890-1234-5678-90123-4567
```

> You can now go back to the Back Office, refresh the personalization dashboard and proceed to configuring 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now go back to the Back Office, refresh the Personalization dashboard and proceed to configuring 
```
?

the Personalization solution.

> ## Changing the Installation key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Changing the installation key
```

> If necessary, you can modify the Installation key configured in the personalization settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If necessary, you can modify the installation key configured in the personalization settings.
```

To do this, in the Back Office, select **Personalization** and then **Settings**.
Modify the value in the **Installation key** field and save your changes.

!! note 

  Clearing the **Installation key** field disables the Personalization solution for your account temporarily.
  Entering the same key re-enables the feature.

## Unregistering the installation key

You can also revoke your agreement to the terms and conditions of the Personalization solution and 
permanently disable the feature for your account.

> To do this, use your browser to navigate to an address similar to the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do this, navigate to the following address:
```
